mjvocabulary - Simple Google AppEngine based vocabulary tester
Copyright (C) 2012 Martin Jambor

0. LICENSE

   Please refer to file LICENSE.

1. Introduction

    The concept of this application is simple.  You enter foreign words or
    short phrases into it along with description so that the application
    might give you a test, showing you only the description and requesting
    that you enter the word or phrase.  The words are divided into sets and
    the application always tests your knowledge of one set at a time,
    asking for words in random order.  You successfully finish a set test
    if you enter each word correctly twice as many times as incorrectly or
    at least twice in case you never get it wrong.

    Once installed, click the help link at the bottom of most pages to
    obtain more information on various features of the program.

2. Implementation

    The program is a web-based application using Google's AppEngine
    framework and its Python 2.7 interface.  Please refer to Google's
    tutorial and documentation of AppEngine for further details.

3. Installation

   The application can be installed to Google's servers by means of
   the appcfg.py script from Google AppEngine SDK.  Before you do
   that, however, you'll need to register your application in App
   Engine Administration Console.  Afterwards, you will have to change
   the application name in app.yaml to the name of your application
   (mjvocabulary is already taken).

   The application can also be run smoothly from within the SDK's
   dev_appserver.py.

   After installation, only the application administrator is allowed
   to log in.  Click on "Manage users" to add email addresses of other
   users that should be allowed to use the application.

4. Bugs, problems, contributions

   Please report bugs and enhancement suggestions using
   http://github.com/jamborm/mjvocabulary/issues.  If you want to
   contribute, the source code and an interface to submit a git pull
   request is at http://github.com/jamborm/mjvocabulary too.
   
